traditionally would celebrate the start
of the nba finals
with a new edition of mean tweets but
the pandemic made that
difficult this year so we dug deep into
our archives and called the very best of
the very best to bring you this
an all-star nba edition of mean tweets
[Applause]
james harden always looks like he's just
about to lead the israelites
with the red team jimmy butler
looks so ugly bruh look like a face you
put on a totem pole bruh
looking like a tiki mask bruh
if anything ever happens to the guy that
does the voice of cookie master
i can't sleep at night knowing we have
the camera tomb as a backup
that's funny stephen curry's facial hair
is a little puby and while we're on the
subject
your teeth need some work
come on man come on man
does anyone know what blake griffin is
did morgan freeman and carrot top
impregnated amazon or what happened
one day klay thompson is going to leave
the house without remembering
to attach his goatee that he bought from
party city
draymond green looked like donkey from
shrek
pretty sure reggie miller's ears provide
wi-fi
oh my god they do
russell westbrook look like
jar jar binks um
i'll take your word i don't know who
that is but sure shaq
is a fat ass old man that your mother
loves
very dearly i bet deandre jordan is so
bad at free throws because his eyes are
so close together
charles barkley has pancake that's not
true
because i would eat them great moritzky
looks like his sweat smells like
mop water and chihuahua
chris bosh talks like a white guy named
[Laughter]
dennis
no twitter carmelo ain't doing this
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it
you will you hurt my feelings